Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create our rotters in English, and it has its own Raqa, so setting
up the rotor is really easy.
We don't need to pull extra packets or anything like that.
We already have some component templates like login, registered home, etc. and these components will
serve as pates using derogative.
So we need to add these pates to the roster and we need to navigate between that.
First of all, we'll create the navigation bar and then we will specify the two parts, one by one,
to create the navigation.
But we can create a new component or we can directly edit the app component here we can directly at
the navigation to the app component because this navigation bar will be used on the whole application
by each component on the navigation roll.
Then I'll add some navigation bar items here.
I'll use some bootstrap classes.
We can understand the functionalities of them from the names of them and these navigation bar will be
in horizontal mode.
We can use it in document background will be in Dartmouth.
These are some bootstrap codes to create a nice navigation.
We will see the actions of them on the browser one by one.
Then let's create an aviation brand as an angular icon, then mcelligott.
It will redirect to ANGULAR that IO also we can add some text for it.
OK, now let's check it from the browser.
Nice, we have a navigation template and angular print icon is ready.
Now let's create other navigation items.
We can divide the navigation bar to two sites on the left side.
We can show admin and home links.
And on the other side, we can show the register and login links.
Navigation Barsh Nieve.
Never, never carets Fleck's column in the navigation bar me auto means margin ends auto, so it will
stay on the left side and the right side will be automatically arranged.
Then I'll carry the navigation list item and then I'll create a navigation link.
Our first link will be Edman done in the same way we will create the home link.
Finally, let's get the sign in and sign up links to the navigation bar.
These links will be on the right side of the navigation bar.
So they will be navigation bar items, but at this time, margins taht will be automatically arranged.
Then I'll carry the navigation list item and then I create a navigation link.
Then I create an immigration list item and.
Then I'll create an irrigation link, our first link will be sign up.
Then in the same way, I carry this high EnLink.
OK, for now, our navigation bar is ready as tight later, I'm going to hook up these links.
Let's check it from the browser.
OK, it looks perfect to make these links work, I first neither answer with some rocks to which I can
actually navigate actually to provide it.
We already have a class for it.
It's an app ratfink module under the app folder here.
We will describe each road in the rocks area rocks in an area of JavaScript objects.
Each object has a pad property and the parts means the pad in the URL.
So what comes after the number?
For example, home will be a pad here, etc..
We don't need to add four parts, the first part will be the home part in this case, I want to look
at my home continent, make sure to also add confluent import.
This will later on tell the Roter whenever we visit our tomine slash home lot.
These home components are obligated because I also want to have the Logan drought slash log-in.
In this case, I want to Lord Logan component.
Similarly, I also have the register at.
Registered in this case, I want a lord register component.
Similarly, I also have the profile profiler's.
Solatia profile in this case, I want a low profile component.
Similarly, I also have the admiral's slash admin.
In this case, I want a lot admin component.
Finally, I will need to create Araz for Arab states.
I need to not fund road.
I can describe it with 404 in this case, I want to Lord, not Farnes Compound, I need the unauthorized
rot, I can describe it with four hundredths one.
In this case, I want to lord unauthorized compound.
OK, now we have described our roots, but there is one missing root, we need the default rot, so
we need the rod for an end, Pat.
We also need to cover these praat iwk the first draft and remove the pat and keep it as empty.
So now the pet is just an empty string, which means this rod where we are at the beginning in the default
pet in this case, I don't want to Lawder separate component.
Instead, I want to navigate the home pet so I can set it as a redirect pet here.
I therefore add the redirect to the property known by Angler and then I want to navigate the home pet.
I need to add one other property.
Pet match equals four.
It means it has angular only to execute this rod, only to redirect itself in this case if the complete
pot is empty.
If I did not have Pat match, this rod would always be fired.
Even if we have slash other parts, because you can think of there is always an empty string between
the pet and slash.
So to avoid it we should set petmeds equals four.
Now, we have configured our hats here, we have a line like robot module that for what this means,
registered these rods as root routers in the application that is known to the whole application here.
The difference between imports and exports is the import error is how you register dependencies with
a module.
And the exports array is how you declared those dependencies as public, making their services, directives,
components, etc. available for use in other modules.
OK, now our Raechel configuration is ready.
Now let's see how Engelhard uses these rioters.
First of all, English should be aware of the Rorter module.
So for this awareness rather module is imported by the Engler's Saili by default rorter module should
be added to the module because it will be used by the whole application.
Last important piece of Roter is the virata outlet.
We need to tell the angular arter where to render these components or these components be tailored to
render the home component.
If we visit the home page or render the login component if we visit the low-impact.
But where should it render them?
Thankfully, it is not by default.
Overriding our complete e-mail code is Dete.
We have to give it a hook there to render this to do it, we need a ride to an outlet directive.
This will take care of our Rutter's.
Now let's assign the results to our navigation links.
To handle it, we need to replace the ref attribute which rather link.
This is a built in directive.
The Scarboro cats indicate propertied binding then on past data with this directive, the data I want
to pass is an error.
This is how you set up navigation in this area.
Each element stands for one segment, in your part in the other.
So if you have a longer pad, let's say slash product, some idea than slash detailed, then you should
specify three segments, user I.D. and DETI here.
The deal have only one segment and it filby oh here we should use slash.
Otherwise it will be related that this one always redirects to domain plus home in the same way we will
add another.
Arato links also our second rate or Lynnfield slash admin for admin part.
Are the rods or length will be as Sledge will be slash registered for sign up at.
Final hour to arrange for the sign in Pat PLB Slash Sloggett.
With this setup, let's load our application and see if this works.
Of course, it would be nice to see which navigation item current is active, so to do it, let's add
this functionality.
To add such a style with normal success, we could add a class to at least item SASE class of active,
which is a class provided by most and adding it to the list item once these lots would step will highlight.
This is active.
Of course these will stay active even if I navigate away because hardcoded it into the navigation,
it would be nice if we could conditionally attach this CSS class to the list item.
Only if the nested link is active, we can do it angular easily.
All we have to do is we have to add the role to link active detective.
And here, between the quotation marks, we will test octave class.
Octave is the name of the class that we want to attach, the cool thing is angular after automatically
finds octave router link and it hits this list item with this set up.
Let's load our application and see if this works.
Great, everything works fine, that's all about anger, the writing.
Thank you.